vttablet sidecar schema:use schemadiff to reach desired  schema on tablet init replacing the withDDL-based approach (#11520)
vitessio/vitess: doc/releasenotes/16_0_0_summary.md

- vtbackup flag `--backup_storage_hook` has been removed, use one of the builtin compression algorithms or `--external-compressor` and `--external-decompressor` instead.

- The VTTablet flag `--init_populate_metadata` has been deprecated, since we have deleted the `local_metadata` and `shard_metadata` sidecar database tables.

> 

Reviewer: Just to confirm:
on an upgrade of an existing vitess install that includes these tables, the new schema init will drop them. Correct?

Author: Not right now. We are not dropping tables that are on in specified list, to be safe and not result in lost data. But yes, the metadata tables should be deleted. Should I add explicit deletes for the metadata tables, or do you think we should drop any table not in the list?

Reviewer: That's a good question, let us explicitly drop only metadata tables. Who knows what people might be storing in `_vt` that we don't know of.

In an effort to minimize the database creation time, we have changed the value of `tablet_refresh_interval` to 10s while instantiating vtcombo during vttestserver initialization. We have also made this configurable so that it can be reduced further if desired.
For any production cluster the default value of this flag is still [1 minute](https://vitess.io/docs/15.0/reference/programs/vtgate/). Reducing this value might put more stress on Topo Server (since we now read from Topo server more often) but for testing purposes 
this shouldn't be a concern.

## Refactor

> ### vttablet _vt sidecar schema maintenance refactor

Reviewer: and we should drop `_vt` here and just keep `sidecar`.
Also vttablet -> VTTablet? Not sure what convention we have been using in the release notes.

> v16 changes the way we maintain the _vt schema. Instead of using `withddl` introduced in #6348 we use a declarative

Reviewer: ```suggestion
v16 changes the way we maintain vttablet's sidecar database schema. Instead of using `withddl` introduced in #6348 we use a declarative
```

approach. This is made possible by `schemadiff` which was created initially for Online DDL's declarative strategy.

The desired schema is specified, one per table. A new module `sidecardb`, compares this to the existing schema and

> performs the required create or alter to reach it. This is done on the primary, on every vttablet startup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
performs the required `create` or `alter` to reach it. This is done on the primary, on every vttablet startup.
```

Reviewer: The second part doesn't seem right. `on the primary` but `on every vttablet startup`??
Isn't it actually `on the primary any time a new primary is elected`?

The sidecar tables `local_metadata` and `shard_metadata` are no longer in use and all references to them are removed as

> part of this refactor. There were used previously for Orchestrator support, which has been superseded by `vtorc`.

Reviewer: 🎉
